Add an intro about account/service/connection (#3490)
timescale/docs: getting-started/services.md

import CreateAHypertable from "versionContent/_partials/_create-hypertable.mdx";
import ServiceOverview from "versionContent/_partials/_service-overview.mdx";

# Create your first $SERVICE_LONG

$CLOUD_LONG offers the following PostgreSQL optimized database services:

- **Time-series and Analytics**: a $TIMESCALE_DB instance optimized for your 
    [time-series and analytics][what-is-time-series] workloads.

> - **Dynamic PostgreSQL**: for all other workloads. A PostgreSQL instance with a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PostgreSQL**: for all other workloads. A PostgreSQL instance with a 
```

Please swap the order so it matches.

    [dynamic compute range][what-is-dynamic-postgres] aligned to your business needs.
- **Vector and AI**: for apps that require fast search on vector embeddings and metadata, like semantic search, image search, RAG and Agents. Powered by $COMPANY Vector and available on Time-series and Dynamic PostgreSQL services. 

<ServiceOverview />

To start using $CLOUD_LONG for your data:

> 1. [Create a $COMPANY account][creatre-an-account]: register in $CONSOLE to get a centralized point to administer and interact with your data.

Reviewer 2: Show creatre be create? I know it's not visible 😅

1. [Create a $SERVICE_LONG][creatre-a-service]: that is, a PostgreSQL database instance, powered by [$TIMESCALE_DB][timescaledb], built for production, and extended with cloud features like transparent data tiering to object storage.
1. [Connect to your $SERVICE_LONG][connect-to-your-service]: to run queries, add and migrate your data from other sources.

> 1. [Create a hypertable][create-a-hypertable]: create a standard PostgreSQL table in your service, the convert it into a [hypertable][hypertables].

Reviewer 2: the convert -> then convert

# Create your first Timescale service

To start using Timescale Cloud for your database, you need to take the following steps:

> 1. Create a Timescale account: register in Timescale Console to get a centralized point for your database management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a$COMPANY account: register in  $CONSOLE to get a centralized point to administer and interact with your data.
```

> 1. Create a Timescale service, that is, a PostgreSQL database instance, in Timescale Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a $SERVICE_LONG: a PostgreSQL database instance powered by [$TIMESCALE_DB](https://docs.timescale.com/#TimescaleDB), built for production, and extended with cloud features like transparent data tiering to object storage.
```

1. Establish a connection with your newly created service to run queries on it and migrate your data from other sources, if necessary.

> This page takes you through those steps. It also explains how to create a standard PostgreSQL table in your service and convert it into a [hypertable][hypertables]. Anything you can do with regular PostgreSQL tables, you can do with hypertables, just with better performance and improved user experience for time-series data.

Reviewer: Change this to a step

<ServiceOverview />

> 

Reviewer: And add an intro sentence infront of every procedure to give a longer explanation of what it is all about.
